Kafka, MongoDB, Redis: Publish templated connectors (#324)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/mongodb/mongodb-connector-studio.adoc

. Click *Finish*.

Or using Exchange:

. In Studio, create a Mule Project.
. Click the Exchange *(X)* icon in the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, select *All assets* and search for "MongoDB".
. Select MongoDB, click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to install the connector.

== Configure the Connector

. On the *Global Element* tab, click *Create*.
. Search for MongoDB from the Connector Configuration directory.
. When you select a global element, you are presented with the global element properties to enter.
. Select the type of Connection.
. The *Username* field refers to the username you use to access your MongoDB instance.
. The *Password* field should contain the corresponding password.
. Specify the *Database* that sends and retrieves data from your MongoDB instance. Before running your application, make sure you have the necessary permissions to do so.
. You may also need to set the *Servers* property which is composed of a `host:port` comma-separated list (in case you have a replica set). This attribute is optional, and if left empty, it defaults to `localhost:27017`.

> . In the *Connection* tab, you may adjust the values for the *Connect Timeout*, *Connections Per Host*, *Max Wait Time* and the *Socket Timeout* for requests that are sent to MongoDB.  The default value for *Connect Timeout* is 30000 milliseconds. Any connection requests that take longer than 30 seconds to be sent and received  throw an exception. You can override this behavior by setting their values to 0, meaning that the MongoDB connector waits indefinitely until a request is successfully sent and a response is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Connection* tab, you may adjust the values for the *Connect Timeout*, *Connections Per Host*, *Max Wait Time* and the *Socket Timeout* for requests that are sent to MongoDB.  The default value for *Connect Timeout* is 30000 milliseconds. Any connection requests that take longer than 30 seconds to be sent and received throw an exception. You can override this behavior by setting their values to 0, meaning that the MongoDB connector waits indefinitely until a request is successfully sent and a response is received.
```

+

> . You may choose to enable metadata and add a collection sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can choose to enable metadata and add a collection sample.
```

> The MongoDB configuration with Spring property placeholders for the *Connection* field values is the recommended approach when you plan to deploy your application to CloudHub or to a Mule runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MongoDB configuration with Spring property placeholders for the *Connection* field values is the recommended approach when you plan to deploy your application to CloudHub or to a Mule. 
```
Mule or Mule runtime engine

> However, you may hard code your connection credentials in the Global Element Properties if you are in the development stage and want to speed up the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can hard-code your connection credentials in the Global Element Properties if you are in the development stage and want to speed up the process.
```

[%header,cols="25s,75a"]
|===
|Fields |Description
|Servers |This location points to the default MongoDB instance.
|Username |MongoDB username.
|Password |MongoDB password.
|Database |MongoDB database.
|Enable Metadata |Enables metadata for collections, documents and files.
|Collection metadata samples |Allows you to add existing collections to take metadata structure from.
|===

=== Global Configuration with SSL (Optional)

MongoDB Connector v4.0.0 and later supports the use of SSL. To set up the Global Configuration:

> * In the Global Element tab for your MongoDB connection, make sure you select `true` SSL property field in the *Connection* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the Global Element tab for your MongoDB connection, select **true** for the SSL property field in the *Connection* tab.
```
